README.md, before:

# VRising-DedicatedServer-Text-Scraper:
Just type in the text you are looking for and let it run!

## Setup:
- Install the latest stable release of python
- Find your path to your VRising Dedicated Server folder
- The program will then prompt you with an input for this path
- If the path is successfully validated you will be able to start searching
- Next star this project and share with friends

## Features:
- Verified path setup on program first launch - the program will make sure it is working in the write path every time using smart validations
- Scan all files within the directory for the text you are looking for
- Smart search on file endings with .txt - .log - .json - .info

## What is Smart Search:
Smart search is string manipulation on your query to better increase search results. Currents checks:
- Text to Upper
- Text to Lower
- First Letter of First Word to Capitalized Letter
- All First Letters of All Words to Capitalized Letters

## Roadmap:
- Create a web interface that does not require anything locally to be installed
- Create a Database of information on self server hosting
- Track changes within the whole dedicated server directory
- Allow upload of server files and server file sharing

Made with :heart: InfamyStudio

Commit message:

added minified source option for faster program times

README.md, after:

# VRising-DedicatedServer-Text-Scraper:
Just type in the text you are looking for and let it run!

## Setup:
- Install the latest stable release of python
- Find your path to your VRising Dedicated Server folder
- The program will then prompt you with an input for this path
- If the path is successfully validated you will be able to start searching
- Next star this project and share with friends

## Versions:
- You can see the main source code of the program and run this "VRising DedicatedServer Text Scraper.py"
- Minified Source cuts out 76 lines of code for the same result - just a lot faster!

## Features:
- Verified path setup on program first launch - the program will make sure it is working in the write path every time using smart validations
- Scan all files within the directory for the text you are looking for
- Smart search on file endings with .txt - .log - .json - .info

## What is Smart Search:
Smart search is string manipulation on your query to better increase search results. Currents checks:
- Text to Upper
- Text to Lower
- First Letter of First Word to Capitalized Letter
- All First Letters of All Words to Capitalized Letters

## Roadmap:
- Create a web interface that does not require anything locally to be installed
- Create a Database of information on self server hosting
- Track changes within the whole dedicated server directory
- Allow upload of server files and server file sharing

Made with :heart: InfamyStudio
